Ques1.- Introduce yourself.

Ques2.- Explain framework.
I have worked on hybrid framework which is combination of data driven framework and test driven framework.
To achieve data driven I have used apache poi library and to achieve test driven I have used TestNG library.
To design my testscripts I have used pom(page object model)design technique.

pom: According to pom design technique we need to keep objects or webelement of a webpage in a separate class and for testing this page will create the separate class. 

/- means immediate child
//- means any child or descendent

. - Current project
: - Parent project

For each loop- 


WebDriver driver=new WebDriver(); ------statement is invalid bcoz webdriver is interface, we cannot create object of interface
WebDriver driver=new ChromeDriver(); ---- Here we are doing upcasting, to achieve runtime polymorphism we can execute testcases in any browser
ChromeDriver driver=new ChromeDriver(); ----- This statement is valid but we can execute our testcases in chromebrowser only.

Close & Quit-- Close method will close currently focused tab or window,it will close all the tabs opened by driver. 

Ques3.- What is constructor?
*It is the Member of the class having same name as that of class name.

Ques4.- What is difference between constructor and Method?
* same as above
* Constructor is a special type of method without return type.

Ques5.- What is encapsulation?
* Wrapping or binding the method and variable into a single unit.

Ques6.- How to achieve encapsulation?
1. By declaring variable as private.
2. By declaring method as public.

Ques7.- What is tightly encapsulated class?
* The class in which all the variables declared as private.

Ques8.- Where have you used encapsulation concept in your framework?
* I have used encapsulation each and every page class like loginpage.java, registerpage.java, paymentpage.java

Ques9. What is inheritance?
* Inheritance is a process where one class acquire the property and behavior of another class.

Ques10. How to achieve inheritance?
* By using extends keywords, and implements keywords

Ques11.- Where have you used inheritance concept in your framework?
* In my framework I have create BaseTest(where I have created method for all the common or repeated steps like open the browser, enter the URL, close the browser etc.). 

* I have created test class to test each and every page, each and every test class extends the base test, so that I can execute the common steps.

Ques12. What is abstraction?
* Hiding the implementation and showing the functionality.

public void areaofcircle(int r)
{
  int a=3.14 *r*r;
}


abstract public void areaofcircle(int r);
  


Ques 13.- How to achieve abstraction?
* By using abstract class and interface 




 







 